today I am making a slow-cooker beef
goulash it is simple and packed full of
flavor
put it in the pot and let it cook all
day that's where I like
I'm starting off with a two to three
pound chuck roast
and for the ingredients you're going to
need one 14 ounce can of stewed tomatoes
1 28 ounce can of tomato sauce or puree
1/8 teaspoon of salt quarter teaspoon of
black pepper 1 bay leaf 1/2 teaspoon of
thyme 1 tablespoon of sugar 2
tablespoons of Hungarian paprika 1
tablespoon of minced garlic and for the
vegetables 1 cup each of finely chopped
red bell pepper carrot green bell pepper
and onion I trim some of the fat off by
me and cut the meat up into 1-inch cubes
now I'm going to sprinkle the paprika
and all the seasonings over the meat and
mix thoroughly making sure all the sides
of the meat are coated with the
seasoning marinade the meat in the
refrigerator for 1 hour you can slow
cook this on high for 4 hours or a low
for 8 hours and I am choosing the high
setting for 4 hours
put all your vegetables on the bottom of
the crock pot then the minced garlic the
bay leaf and a little salt and next add
the meat and finally the stewed tomatoes
and the tomato sauce or puree
I'm going to give that a big stir to
make sure everything's mixed together
now just let it do its thing for the
next four hours every hour I'm going to
come back and check on it and give it a
stir
you can find this recipe and more on my
Facebook and Google+ page remember to
come give me a visit
yeah you can smell it all through the
house now whoa steaming up the lens I
just want to show you all that goodness
down there
I remember having goulash as a child
with ground beef and with this I'm
adding a richness with the cubed chuck
roast and sticking with tradition making
it slightly sweet and serving over
macaroni
and turn off the heat and the final step
is we're going to add one cup of sour
cream it's really going to give it a
rich creamy texture and flavor
the meat is nice and tender and it just
falls apart
you can serve this over rice beans or
mashed potatoes I hope you make this it
is simple and delicious love it and
enjoy
please remember to hit the like button
and subscribe for future recipe videos
from Casas kitchen you can also find me
on Google+ Facebook and Pinterest come
visit again and enjoy